[Workers]: Add Upstash Database Integration Docs (#9528)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/integrations/databases.md

To learn more about Neon, refer to [Neon's official documentation](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction).

### Upstash

> [Upstash](https://upstash.com/) is a serverless database with Redis API. It aims to simplify the process of building and scaling real-time applications by providing a serverless database infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Upstash](https://upstash.com/) is a serverless database with Redis and Kafka support.
```

> 1. To set up an integration with Upstash, you need an existing Upstash database to connect to. [Create a Upstash database](https://docs.upstash.com/redis#create-a-database) or [load data from an existing database to Upstash](https://docs.upstash.com/redis/howto/connectclient).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up an integration with Upstash:

1. You need an existing Upstash database to connect to. [Create a Upstash database](https://docs.upstash.com/redis#create-a-database) or [load data from an existing database to Upstash](https://docs.upstash.com/redis/howto/connectclient).
```

> 1. To set up an integration with Upstash, you to have an existing Upstash database to connect to. [Create a Upstash database](https://docs.upstash.com/redis#create-a-database) or [load data from an existing database to Upstash](https://docs.upstash.com/redis/howto/connectclient).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To set up an integration with Upstash, you need an existing Upstash database to connect to. [Create a Upstash database](https://docs.upstash.com/redis#create-a-database) or [load data from an existing database to Upstash](https://docs.upstash.com/redis/howto/connectclient).
```

2. Insert some data to your Upstash database. You can add data to your Upstash database in two ways:

>     - Use the CLI directly from your Upstash console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the CLI directly from your Upstash console.
```

>     - Alternatively, install `redis-cli` locally and run the following commands. 

Reviewer: Can we link to the `redic-cli` installation guide here?

Author: Yes sure! I'll include the link.

    ```sh
    ➜ set GB "Ey up?"
    OK
    ➜ set US "Yo, what’s up?"
    OK
    ➜ set NL "Hoi, hoe gaat het?"
    OK
    ```

3. Add the Upstash database integration to your Worker:
    - Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
    - In **Account Home**, select **Workers & Pages**.
    - In **Overview**, select your Worker.
    - Select **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Upstash**. 
    - Follow the setup flow, selecting the database created in step 1.

4. In your Worker, install the `@upstash/redis`, a HTTP client to connect to your database and start manipulating data:

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```

>     npm install @upstash/redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ npm install @upstash/redis
```

    ```

5. The following example shows how to make a query to your Upstash database in a Worker. The credentials needed to connect to Upstash have been automatically added as secrets to your Worker through the integration.

  ```
  import { Redis } from "@upstash/redis/cloudflare";

  export default {
    async fetch(request, env) {
      const redis = Redis.fromEnv(env);

      const country = request.headers.get("cf-ipcountry");
      if (country) {
        const greeting = await redis.get(country);
        if (greeting) {
          return new Response(greeting);
        }
      }

      return new Response("Hello!");
    },
  };
  ```

> To learn more about Upstash, refer to [Upstash's official documentation](https://docs.upstash.com/redis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about Upstash, refer to the [Upstash documentation](https://docs.upstash.com/redis).
```
